[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory with a
very special favorite guest
of mine, Brooks Agnew.
He is an honor
graduate in chemistry
from the Tennessee
Technological University,
a multi-patented engineer.
He runs a company.
It's an electric truck
company out of North Carolina.
Brooks, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>BROOKS AGNEW: Thank
you so much, George.
Good to be here.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>AGNEW: Way too
busy, that's for sure.
>>NOORY: Busy's good
these days, isn't it?
>>AGNEW: Busy's good.
>>NOORY: You and I got
together back 13, 14 years ago,
talking about your quest to
go into the Hollow Earth.
You were going to be in a
Russian ice-breaking machine,
boat or something like that.
Whatever happened to
that and your quest
for the Hollow Earth?
>>AGNEW: Well, we traveled
the world, of course,
and gathered information from
all the ancient cultures.
We went to Tibet and
China and Japan, Mexico.
And the last thing on the list
was this trip to the Arctic
to explore this
legend that there
might be an opening into
what might be a Hollow Earth.
>>NOORY: Like a
curvature hole, right?
>>AGNEW: Right.
Right.
So I thought, well, that
shouldn't be too hard.
We should be able to
find pictures of that.
There were no pictures.
So I joined an expedition
in, I think it was 2006,
and it was run by a man
named Stephen Curry.
And we were all set to go.
We were selling
seats on the boat
and trying to get it
filled up with enough money
to go, and suddenly,
really suddenly, he
developed brain cancer and died.
So there we were, early
2007 with no leader.
So the board came
to me and said,
well, you run big projects.
Why don't you take over
as expedition leader?
I thought, well,
that's exciting.
Let me think about it.
A couple of months later,
I said, OK, I'll do it.
>>NOORY: Were you doing
your other businesses
at the same time?
>>AGNEW: I was.
>>NOORY: OK.
So that's not easy.
>>AGNEW: No, it isn't.
But we set our sights
on the summer of 2008
to try to do this.
And, of course, the economy had
other things in mind in 2008.
So and the reason
we set our sights
that way is because there was
a very strange weather anomaly
that occurred that winter.
>>NOORY: There?
>>AGNEW: Yes.
And what happened was the
Northwest Passage actually
opened up for the first time.
And what happened was it
was a strangely warm winter.
The wind blew straight across
the ice for months and months
and just that stress and
that warmness, it broke open.
So we thought, well, we'll
just sail up there and go see
if there's an opening or not.
And there were
some strange things
that happened around the planet
at that same time related
to that.
In Malaysia, every few
years, they go down
and sample rays, like
stingrays and manta rays,
because evidently,
this species responds
to stress in the
environment by mutating.
And normally, they see 20,
25 new species of rays,
but that year, they found 1,500.
And a lot of these
were not mutations.
They were extinct versions,
fully alive, swimming around.
Frilled sharks, dorsaled squids,
things that we haven't seen.
>>NOORY: Thousands of them.
>>AGNEW: Oh, yeah.
But they had been gone
for millions of years.
So we thought--
>>NOORY: They were
under the ice.
>>AGNEW: Maybe they
were inside the Earth,
and the ice gave them an opening
to swim through into our sea,
and they ended up in Malaysia.
So we thought, there's got
to be some other evidence,
other sciences.
So we explored seismology.
Turns out, there
was a study done
by Dr. Wysession at Washington
University in St. Louis,
and they went through
600,000 seismograms,
which are these printouts.
After they have
a big earthquake,
all the seismometers around the
Earth pick up the vibrations
and then make a printout.
But it never really
was thoroughly
analyzed as a system.
So they analyzed
it as the system,
and underneath the crust
of the Atlantic Ocean,
they found another ocean.
>>NOORY: Yes.
That made news too.
That was a big story.
>>AGNEW: Yeah, but it
was there and gone.
It was like no further
studies were done.
So we said, well, let's
rent the icebreaker.
It carries about 100, 105
scientists and filmmakers
and record keepers,
and we'll just go see.
And it just became too large
of a financial endeavor to do.
So that's the last
remaining piece.
But since then, we have
gained a lot of interest
from Australia and New Zealand,
Europe, Japan, of course.
And now some major efforts to
put it on the small screen,
as a 13-piece mini series.
>>NOORY: Well, you could recoup
your money back that way.
>>AGNEW: Yeah, it
could be, sure.
Because you could do
pay-per-view or sell
advertising or whatever.
It's only like $3 and a 1/2
million to do the expedition.
Of course, then there's
post-production work,
but it could be done.
>>NOORY: Do you
still believe there
is a Hollow Earth out there?
>>AGNEW: Well,
"belief's" a word I
don't really use
much as a scientist.
I believe in data.
So I can tell you that
the old idea that we
live on this molten ball
floating through space
has now been thoroughly
debunked in the sense
that we have enough data to call
into question that whole idea
of how planets are made.
We've also seen other planets
in our own solar system
that are either
made of two planets
or are hollow themselves.
>>NOORY: There's an
interesting clip on YouTube
about the Hollow Earth.
>>NARRATOR: Hollow
Earth theory states
that the Earth is a hollow
planet with ancient entrances
to the subterranean worlds
scattered throughout it,
including near both polar caps.
This theory has been
reported since ancient times,
and scientists such
as Edmond Halley
have defended it
throughout history.
From 1818 to 1826, the American
John C. Symmes passionately
supported the theory as well.
According to him, there
was a subterranean world
inside our planet
illuminated by a tiny sun
and that included mountains,
forests, and lakes.
Symmes launched a
national campaign
aiming to raise the necessary
funds to send an expedition
to the Arctic to
search for an entrance
to the subterranean world.
He even sent a proposal to
the United States Congress
with the intention of
getting government assistance
to find the entrance
to the inner world.
Unfortunately for him, he
died before the government did
allocate funding
for his purpose,
and the expedition
departed in 1838,
although, in truth, its
goals were not so altruistic.
In reality, it was part of the
ploys world powers were trying
to learn the importance of the
only land not yet conquered
in the world, both polar caps.
Regardless, commanded
by Charles Wilkes,
the expedition
lasted four years.
It served to discover the
vast geographical extent
of the Arctic but no sign
of a passage into the Earth
was found.
>>NOORY: What a great story.
>>AGNEW: That's a great story.
>>NOORY: If it's there.
>>AGNEW: One of my
ancestors, Sir James Ross,
discovered the north
magnetic pole in 1831.
And it took him two tries.
The first time, his ship
was crushed in the ice.
They wintered on the ice, and in
the spring, they were rescued.
And the fool tried it again, and
then he discovered it in 1831.
So it was quite a fever
in the early 1800s.
And it has been--
it's been pursued several times.
But the reason
they fall short is
because they can't seem to
gain access to this area that's
kind of locked in by ice.
It's not flown over very
often, and if it is,
it's flown over very high,
and it has cloud cover over it
all the time.
But the Russians have these
nuclear-powered icebreakers.
They're made, they're
ice-rated to go
through this two
and three-meter ice,
and they're really the only
ships on the planet that
could do this.
And they're excited
about doing it.
>>NOORY: Well, with all
the satellites we've got
and the shuttle
missions that we've had
and everything we're
doing, don't you
think an astronaut
or something would
be taking a picture
of what could
be a hole in the
center of the planet?
>>AGNEW: Well, it's
difficult to see
with the naked eye or cameras
through the cloud cover, which
would always be there.
But other forms, like
infrared or X-ray
or other forms of wavelengths
could see through it.
But in 2006, the
NOAA and EUMETSAT
passed an international
rule, a law,
called the Data Denial Act.
And what this does
is it makes it
illegal to post or to
share any real-time imaging
data above the 60th
parallel during times
of conflict or war.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>AGNEW: Well, they're
afraid that that data could
be fed into the targeting
systems of cruise missiles
and be used for visual
data for navigation.
So they don't release
that information.
Above the 60th
parallel, everything
we see on the
internet is animated.
>>NOORY: What do you think
that hole looks like, Brooks?
I mean, you obviously
believe it's there.
And I'm using that
word "believe" again.
>>AGNEW: If there
is a hole, if there
is an opening between the
crust that will blend the two
seas together, you
have to remember,
these oceans are about
4,000 meters deep.
So it could be in the
crust but underwater.
>>NOORY: Well, now, that's
an interesting point.
Well, wouldn't the
water sift into it
like a funnel or a drain?
>>AGNEW: It would.
If the opening was
large enough, maybe you
would see like a drain opening
where you have a whirlpool.
>>NOORY: Yeah, or the
water just shooting in.
>>AGNEW: And that
was the whole idea
behind building the
gyroscopes to measure
the curvature of the Earth
while the ship was moving.
So that we could measure if
the ship over-rotates and moves
into this opening,
and it's not just
measuring the normal
curvature of the Earth.
It's a phenomenon
that has been recorded
in Maritime records, where a
ship will disappear for a day
because the ships
used to sail in pairs.
>>NOORY: It just went
right into the curvature.
>>AGNEW: Well, it
would go into what's
called the oceanic depression
where sea level isn't quite sea
level.
>>NOORY: Now, like a drain,
eventually, the water is gone.
Where would the ocean be?
Why doesn't it
get all sucked up?
>>AGNEW: Well, this is where
you have to kind of get
into planetary cosmology.
What does gravity do if
gravity is based on mass?
If the Earth is made of
actually two structures,
one is maybe a
900-mile thick crust
and the other is a
solid core but they're
separate from one
another, although
rotating on the same axis.
Then you have a
space in between.
But the crust would
have its own gravity,
and the core would
have its own gravity.
And so the water
would actually adhere
to the inside of the crust.
So if you were sailing,
you might not even
notice that you're
sailing into the Earth.
You'd just keep
sailing on the ocean
until you're on the
inside of the planet.
>>NOORY: Admiral Byrd claims
that he went through the North
Pole, and that he went into some
kind of center of the planet
as well.
What do you think of that?
>>AGNEW: The funny thing
about the early 1900s,
there was a lot of
competition to set world
records, especially by air.
So when Admiral Byrd took
his ship apart and put it
on the "Chantilly" and
sailed the "Spitz Bergen,"
he just happened to hit
the window perfectly
for getting his plane off
the boat and onto the shore.
Literally an hour
later, it could have
destroyed the whole mission.
But those brave souls
rebuilt that plane on shore,
took off, loaded with
gasoline, from that surface,
which was not an airport.
It was just a flat beach.
>>NOORY: He was just
lucky to have that beach.
>>AGNEW: Right.
Well, they flew a course
which he set by sextant.
Now, I don't know if you've
ever used a sextant or not.
>>NOORY: No, no.
I've been in the Navy, but I've
never had to use one of those.
>>AGNEW: Well, it's hard enough
to use from a boat, let alone
an airplane.
But evidently, he was a
real expert at using it.
>>NOORY: You tie it
into the stars, right?
>>AGNEW: And the sun.
>>NOORY: And the sun.
>>AGNEW: And he claimed that he
flew the 2,500-mile route over
the North Pole and back,
but he arrived back early.
So it had been done a
couple times after that
by other people.
They took longer,
and they didn't
see what Admiral Byrd reported.
So there was a lot of, as I
said competition and debunking
of one story and the other.
And it's difficult to know who
was really telling the truth.
But Byrd did a lot of
television appearances
on national television
in those days
and told the story over and
over again, always pretty much
the same.
So I have a tendency
to believe he
was an aviation hero, for sure.
>>NOORY: And the story
is kind of wild isn't it?
>>AGNEW: There are a
couple versions of it.
One is his official
version, where he actually
flew over lush green areas.
>>NOORY: Saw animals, like
dinosaurs or something?
>>AGNEW: Well, his
original version,
he just saw green
areas and there
shouldn't have been any
and liquid water and things
like that.
And then he turned
around and came back.
But over the years, others
that told the story kind of
embellished it, woolly
mammoths and dinosaurs.
>>NOORY: UFOs
>>AGNEW: Then inside
the Earth, right.
It kind of got really crazy.
And then there was a
diary that circulated.
And so I kind of,
as a scientist,
I have to separate
the things that really
have factual information
from and then
unsubstantiated testimony.
So I can't really refute
it because I can't, but I
can't really support it either
until we try it for ourselves.
>>NOORY: Pat Boone
is a friend of ours,
and I always talk with
him about his movie,
the original "Journey to the
Center of the Earth," which
was amazing.
But what I found
fascinating, and what
we heard on that YouTube
clip was the possibility
of a smaller sun
within the planet.
Explain that.
>>AGNEW: Well, it's
always been a question.
I guess it started
a few years back
when an image was taken of the
Earth from far out into space.
And it showed auroras over
both poles at the same time.
This was not expected.
Normally, we thought the
solar wind is what causes it.
And so one side of the
planet or the other,
depending on the
season gets the aurora.
>>NOORY: And this wasn't
the Northern Lights, was it?
>>AGNEW: It was but
it was over both poles
at the same time, which
threw everyone into a tizzy.
>>NOORY: You can't do it.
>>AGNEW: Not if it comes
from the solar wind.
It had to come from
another source.
So JPL quickly
built an experiment
called the Themis probe, which
was a nose cone with five
satellites in it.
They launched it into space.
It assumed five
different levels of orbit
so that all the satellites
were going around
at different times.
And occasionally
they would line up,
they would turn the system
on, and take measurements.
And one of the orbits, they
measured a cosmic explosion
between satellites
three and four.
And so the explosion went out at
360 degrees in every direction.
It passed satellite four
and five, went out to space.
Three, two, and one struck the
atmosphere, boom, the aurora
formed.
So they said, well, that's it.
The auroras are formed
by cosmic bullets,
and that was the
end of the report.
>>NOORY: They should
have kept going.
>>AGNEW: Yeah, I know.
So now, we've launched
several other probes
because we're
trying to understand
does this come from
the sun or does
it come from inside the planet?
Do we have this
magnetic electrojet
that's coming out of
Earth at the poles
that are causing these ions
in our atmosphere to light up?
>>NOORY: What a great
story if that's the case.
>>AGNEW: Just, I think it
was this morning, the Parker
probe headed for the sun.
Again, to take close-up
measurements of the sun
>>NOORY: Before it
burns up, right?
>>AGNEW: Yeah, well,
they went at night.
So it'll be OK.
Bottom line is, we don't know.
And what we're really
doing is the right thing.
We're asking questions.
And when we ask questions,
we develop experiments
to answer those questions.
And we're spending the money
to conduct those experiments.
And I think it's interesting
what we're going to find out.
>>NOORY: What do you mean
by the union of polarity?
What is that?
>>AGNEW: When we studied the 44
ancient cultures to write "The
Ark of Millions
of Years" series,
which was our first four books--
>>NOORY: Great series.
>>AGNEW: It was my first
interview on your program,
in fact.
What we discovered
was these cultures
had a tradition that goes
back even further than them
that Earth is made of
really two planets,
two different kinds of energy.
One planet is an older,
kind of temporal energy.
The other is a more spiritual,
newer kind of energy.
So the Earth is both 4
and 1/2 billion years old
and 6,000 years old put
together at the same time.
>>NOORY: So that's where we get
that different feeling between
the religious, who believe,
it's a 6,000-year-old planet
and then the 4.5 billion.
>>AGNEW: Right.
And they don't
talk to each other.
>>NOORY: No, not at all.
>>AGNEW: But the
truth is that they
do go along with each other.
They are symbiotic.
There's kind of like us.
We are this physical thing of
protein and calcium and water,
and then we're also the
animated being on the inside
that gives us our energy.
When we die, the body stays
behind, and the spirit goes on.
Well, the Earth, they
believed, was the same way.
So we carried that forward
and gave it a name,
which is the union
of the polarity.
And a lot of people,
especially cosmologists
will say, what a crazy thing,
a planet made of two planets.
But just this year, we
finally get the data back
and got it analyzed
of the planet Uranus.
It is actually made
of two planets.
>>NOORY: That is incredible.
>>AGNEW: It has another
planet on the inside of it
that collided with it.
>>NOORY: You recently
published "The Birth Trilogy."
And I want to take a look at a
trailer from the first volume.
>>NARRATOR: Bearth-- two
Earths, one race for time
is true with the use
of fictional characters
to help tell the epic
story of the ancient union
of the polarity.
In a white-knuckle
ride, the reader
is chased from beginning
to end of the creation
and destiny of the Earth.
Enormous financial empires
strategically move billions
of dollars to take advantage
of their foreknowledge
of the events that are coming.
The events and
espionage are real.
The names of these billionaires
and world events are real.
Nothing has been changed
to protect anyone
because they are all guilty.
As explained by Dr. Brooks
Agnew on "Coast to Coast AM"
with George Noory, History
Channel, and National
Geographic Channel,
planet Earth is
made of two planets,
one very high frequency
and one low frequency,
occupying the same space.
Merged during the
flood of Noah, they
have been rotating in harmony
for nearly 6,000 years
until now.
Crafted as a trilogy of
major motion pictures,
this is the epic story
of conflict and conquest
between five races
of beings mentioned
in the book of Genesis.
The one-party
presidential system
breaks down, allowing a write-in
candidate, Robert Riker,
to be elected.
Ancient powers controlling the
economics and military activity
of Earth are thwarted by
the will of the people.
Here and there, pockets of
light are woven together
as the ultimate conflict
between the seed of Lucifer
and the seed of Adam square
off for the grand battle
for inheritance of the Earth.
History unfolds exactly
as this book tells it.
The battle between good
and evil happens every day
on the television news.
And by reading this
book, you will know why.
You will also know
why it is vital
that you do something about it,
starting with reading this book
and then getting
others to read it.
We don't have much time.
The race is on.
>>NOORY: So it's a
novel, but it's based
on a lot of fact, isn't it?
>>AGNEW: Sure, it's kind
of a new style of genre.
We call it faction, where we
take true history, true events,
and then we inject fictional
characters into those events
to carry the reader through.
>>NOORY: So are you
happy with the results?
>>AGNEW: Yeah, I'm
pretty happy with it.
People, the readers are
calling it the Bearth journey
now because it kind of
takes you from this street
race in Pasadena.
And then this group of
misfits kind of comes together
and understands
these great forces
that are at work on the Earth.
It's kind of like the Rapture
and the seed of mankind
told from a science
fiction point of view.
>>NOORY: Might this be
based on a movie soon?
>>AGNEW: We're actually working
on a screenplay right now.
It's 42 episodes, so it's
going to be spread over three
seasons on the small screen.
>>NOORY: That's amazing
how that's working.
That's pretty
exciting about that.
>>AGNEW: I would say that
the anthropology of mankind
is changing.
In the last 20 years,
we're connected
in a totally different
way than we've ever
been connected before.
We're able to meet people we
would never have met before.
We're able to share
ideas in an instant.
And where the idea is
that world changes really
begin with one
person or two people,
that has taken centuries to come
to fruition but not anymore.
Now, a change can happen
in a matter of hours
if the right thought
and the right person
can get his word out.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about this possibility
that the Earth might have been
the result of two planets.
>>AGNEW: Well, it's
not uncommon in space.
We do see binary
planets together.
You mentioned that.
>>NOORY: And collisions.
>>AGNEW: And then's there's sun
in the one video we watched.
We look out in space,
we see snapshots.
We obviously are not
an old enough race.
We haven't been looking
at space long enough
to really know how
planets are made,
but we can sort
of see the stages.
We see the giant
accretion disks.
We see protoplanets
being formed.
We see three different
kinds of classes
of planets being formed.
As this mass comes
together, it begins
to spin faster and
faster and faster,
like an ice skater
pulling her arms in.
So one of three things happens,
what we witness in space.
Either it gets so
much energy and gets
so tight that it becomes
unstable and it explodes.
The other is that
it becomes lopsided,
and it spins a piece of
itself off and forms a moon.
We have an example of that
in our own solar system--
Venus and Mercury.
But sometimes the planets
just expand and cool, expand
and cool, expand and cool.
And as that happens, the
crust begins to slow down.
It begins to become
cool enough to where
liquid water can exist.
In some cases, what happens,
it leaves the core behind.
So the core is still spinning
at its original speed,
and the crust is
expanding away from it.
>>NOORY: Is that what
has happened to Earth?
>>AGNEW: It appears
so because now we
have two independent
scientific sources that
have measured the core
spectragraphically,
and they've said that it's
actually a solid iron crystal.
So if that's true, it has to
be somewhere between 5,500
and 6,000 degrees.
That is, in fact, what
they have measured.
>>NOORY: Will it ever cool?
>>AGNEW: Well, yes.
Ever, what is ever?
It could be millions, billions
of years it will cool.
But at that temperature,
if it's iron,
it's putting off a white light.
And that white light is
suitable for photosynthesis.
Now it's not
fusion, like our sun
with all the short wavelengths,
but the wavelengths
of light that are
being put off are
suitable for
photosynthesis, which
means plant life could exist
on the inside of the planet.
>>NOORY: Are there
other countries
involved in looking for
this possible Hollow Earth?
>>AGNEW: Yes, there are.
We, of course, ran
our pilot film in 2007
in the Genes of Galileo contest
in Japan on Nippon Television
Network.
I had no idea, but
we won that contest.
17 million Japanese watched
that film in one night.
It was--
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>AGNEW: It was amazing.
So that created a
kind of fan club.
And then--
>>NOORY: Who are still
following you today, right?
>>AGNEW: Yes, they are.
And we also have Australia
and New Zealand--
there are strong groups
of explorers there
that have now shown
renewed interest
and that may be where most
of the financial leadership
is coming from for putting
the rest of this together.
>>NOORY: What about
organizations or groups
like the so-called deep state?
Are they interested in
something like this?
>>AGNEW: Well, funny you
should bring that up.
The deep state is almost
indefinable to most people.
Inside, our
government has formed
a group of agencies,
departments, bureaus,
administrations.
>>NOORY: On their own, I think.
>>AGNEW: Yes, kind
of self-sustaining.
They began during
Roosevelt's day.
It was kind of a corporate
style of government.
They needed to get big
things done in a rapid form.
So you couldn't really go to
the people and go to Congress.
And it would just get
mired down in debate.
So they just formed this
corporate way of doing things,
and it became its own entity.
Other presidents, like
Eisenhower and Kennedy,
tried to warn us about
this, but there really
wasn't much we could do.
So it's interesting that
we get a president who
comes from outside the system.
He's not a politician.
He's not groomed that way.
>>NOORY: They don't like that.
>>AGNEW: No, they
don't really like it.
But now he's formed
this new space force.
>>NOORY: Or he's going to.
>>AGNEW: Well, yes.
And what are we hearing from
the Air Force and from NASA,
is oh, we don't
need a space force.
This has always been
done by the Air Force.
We know what we're doing.
This is just
duplication of effort.
But really, I think it is that
the original deep state doesn't
want us to know these things.
They don't want us to
find out these things.
So this new division,
as you'll recall,
we lost hundreds of flag
officers, not just from the Air
Force but also the
Marines and the Navy.
And these were
experienced people.
These were the
smartest of the smart,
but they wouldn't
follow the orders,
and so now they were
pushed to the outside.
Some of them wouldn't
stay on the outside,
like General Flynn.
And so now they're
being punished
for doing that, coming back in.
But I think this
new space force is
going to allow some of
this experience, some
of this leadership to
come back into a system
outside the deep state.
It should be very interesting.
>>NOORY: Attorney
Daniel Sheehan has
talked on "Open Minds," a Gaia
program, about the deep state.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Why
do you say the source is
the national security state?
What does that mean?
>>DANIEL SHEEHAN:
Because what happened
is that at the end
of World War II,
the United States, for
the first time in history,
passed a National Security Act,
where they created a Central
Intelligence Agency that
was explicitly authorized
to go around the world,
disrupting other people's
elections to disrupt other
people's democratic choices
that they wanted to make,
whatever economic system
they wanted, whatever
political system they wanted.
They said we're not
going to allow that.
And so that what happened
is they developed
a whole covert operations
directorate inside the CIA,
and they developed this talent
they called a public diplomacy
capacity.
>>MEREDITH: Sounds innocuous.
>>SHEEHAN: It does, it does.
It's one of those euphemisms.
What they would do
is they would go in
and they would
infiltrate the news
stations in other countries.
They would infiltrate
the newspapers.
They would feed
them, force feed them
information that was false.
And it turns out
that what happened
is when the policies of that
Central Intelligence Agency
started to be challenged, when
people started getting upset
about what they were
doing around the world,
they turned all of those
skills onto the public
here in the United States.
>>NOORY: What would
the deep state
have to do with
the Hollow Earth,
for example, if anything?
>>AGNEW: Well, one of the
things that humans are good at
is exploring,
discovering things.
We explore space.
We explore the oceans.
We explore ourselves.
>>NOORY: We're
the best for that.
>>AGNEW: That's what
we're built to do.
It's just we're a curious race.
But sometimes when
you're discovering
things that take away from the
power of a government or a--
I won't even call it a
government-- a group,
a cabal, a syndicate that
wants to control the world,
then that thought is suppressed.
Especially if it--
and I have to tell you
the whole idea of
the Hollow Earth
excites a passion in people.
>>NOORY: Oh, it does.
It's the unknown
that really gets us.
>>AGNEW: Well, it's
more than that.
I mean, lots of
things are unknown,
but there's a symbiosis between
the human being and the planet.
It's natural, and it's
almost inexplicable.
But when we start talking
about the possibility of Earth
being hollow, people get
very emotional about it.
They get very attached to it.
It begins to enlighten
them, free them.
>>NOORY: Do they
get angry about it?
>>AGNEW: Well, they get united
together about something.
I don't know if it's primal
or if it's some genetic memory
that we have, but it's in
every single ancient race,
they went through huge
effort to make sure
that we were aware of this,
that it would outlast them
until now.
And this idea that we are
intelligent, eternal beings
having a mortal experience
is not something
that those that want to control
humanity and control the world
want us to know, so
they suppress it.
We look at NASA, for instance.
NASA is an administration
of the government.
We've always trusted them
because they explore space
and they've been to the moon.
They've been to Mars.
But there's tons of
evidence that they
suppress what they discover.
They airbrush things.
They delete things.
They don't tell us
the whole story.
And lots of people, lots
of people are saying, why?
Why won't you just tell
us what you've discovered?
>>NOORY: Yeah, please.
>>AGNEW: And it
makes us suspicious.
It's not just them.
It's every agency, every
bureau that we ask questions.
They either take the Fifth or
they give us redacted documents
or they airbrush things out.
It happens every day.
>>NOORY: You get them with
black all over the thing.
>>AGNEW: We're seeing
it all the time.
And it makes us
mistrust our government
and that shouldn't be because
it's not really our government
that we mistrust.
It's this agency government,
this special corporate group
that has grown up, that
writes all of our laws.
>>NOORY: How did they
get so powerful, Brooks?
>>AGNEW: That's a
very good question.
I think that in 1933, when
the crash had happened,
we'd been through World
War I. The whole world was
on its knees.
It was broken.
It needed to get
back on its feet.
And I think that this syndicate
found its opportunity.
What they would do is
they would feed people.
>>NOORY: Take
advantage of weakness.
>>AGNEW: Make people
dependent upon them.
And what happened was, not
just the Treasury of the United
States, but the
Treasury of Europe,
the gross domestic
product of Earth,
actually, fell
into their control.
Fewer and fewer people gained
total control over the system.
They developed international
banking systems.
They took us off of silver
and gold as a backing to it
and made it some
ethereal value that they
place on it to
control the economy
to make sure it doesn't
get too hot or too cold.
And they've basically taken
over the entire world.
And now, we find
ourselves in a fix.
>>NOORY: And nobody
stopped them.
>>AGNEW: It wasn't
that people didn't try.
We went to war several
times over it and lost.
Each time, we had
an event take place
where the people
realized that they
were giving up their rights.
We mentioned the National
Defense Authorization Act
in the video.
When 2001 occurred, before
that, in the year 2000,
we would never have given up
our freedom to move about.
>>NOORY: Of course not.
We wouldn't even have
thought about it.
>>AGNEW: No, we would
have never accepted it.
That act had already been
written years before,
right after World War II, but
they couldn't implement it.
They needed an event
to implement it.
>>NOORY: That's why
so many people think
this event was created
and it's disappointing,
but who knows, right?
>>AGNEW: That's the
question, who knows?
And that makes us doubt.
And doubt is something that
it takes empires apart.
>>NOORY: Is there a supernatural
aspect to any of this?
>>AGNEW: I believe there is.
If you go back to
the ancients, a lot
of the records talk about
shining ones or ancient beings
or off-worlders, or fallen
angels that have sort of taught
men, led them along, kept them
in conflict one with another.
There's even a lot
of evidence that they
may have been responsible for
forming most of the world's
religions, and then teaching
each religion to hate
all the other religions.
It's perfect.
It was perfect.
>>NOORY: Kill in the name of
religion, that's what they do.
>>AGNEW: But now we're
seeing leaders of the world
are going to Brussels, as it
were, to get some leadership
or going to the Antarctic.
Crazy trips down to the
Antarctic for a few days.
John Kerry, a Pope's
representative.
>>NOORY: What are
they doing there?
>>AGNEW: Well,
there's a rumor that's
out there that in
the Antarctic are
some of these ancient beings.
And these people are
actually going down
for direct instruction.
>>NOORY: And artifacts and
everything else down there?
>>AGNEW: Could be.
The point is that by the
time you get out of Genesis,
you're introduced to
five different races,
none of whom are from here.
And there's no reason to
believe that they left.
>>NOORY: Do you think they're
down at the South Pole?
>>AGNEW: Well,
evidence points that we
have important world
leaders that are going
to the South Pole for what?
To see the penguins?
>>NOORY: Yeah, does
that make any sense?
>>AGNEW: No.
>>NOORY: Something's down there.
>>AGNEW: There has to be.
>>NOORY: Maybe
there was a landing
of a craft of some sort?
Is that possible?
>>AGNEW: Well, it's the
oldest, most central continent
on this planet.
All the other continents
have floated around and moved
as the crust has changed
size, but Antarctica
has stayed right where it was
because it's right at the pole.
>>NOORY: Do you think we'll
ever get that answer, what's
going on there?
>>AGNEW: If the
people demand it,
but it's going to take
a great awareness.
>>NOORY: Because it is unusual.
I mean, when I heard that John
Kerry was going down there,
I'm going, why?
There's supposed to
be nothing there.
We also heard the Nazis
were down there, right,
with a submarine base.
>>AGNEW: Right.
Well, it would make
sense that they would.
There were a lot of U boats
that were unaccounted for.
There was a lot of technology
that last year of the war.
They were moving technology
out of Norway, of Germany,
of Austria.
They were putting it on U
boats and sailing it away.
And that's certainly within
their navigable ability
to go to Antarctica.
>>NOORY: With the
ancients, was there
any unbelievable
engineering of that era
that we're still
looking at today?
>>AGNEW: Yes.
One of the digs that was done
was at a place called Harappa.
And one of the things
that they found
as they exhumed all this
city and dug away at it
is the people that appeared to
be running from something that
were lying in the
street preserved,
but their bones were
more radioactive
than those at ground
zero of Hiroshima.
There is no question whatsoever
that a thermonuclear event
destroyed the area of Harappa.
But we don't know if it was a
natural thermonuclear event.
>>NOORY: Like an asteroid
strike or something, right?
>>AGNEW: Yeah, well even
that wouldn't generate
that wavelength of radiation.
It would have to be from a
nuclear weapon of some kind.
>>NOORY: That's what I think.
>>AGNEW: And it's
25,000 years old.
>>NOORY: Does the
Bible address that?
>>AGNEW: The Bible talks about
several cataclysmic-style
attacks, not the least of
which is Sodom and Gomorrah.
Basically, the entire
city turned to salt.
And Lot's wife turned
to a pillar of salt.
>>NOORY: Didn't
Robert Oppenheimer
say that he got his
idea of an atomic bomb
from reading old Sanskrit?
>>AGNEW: Well, he quoted
Sanskrit at Trinity
when the first bomb went off.
He said, now I've become
the destroyer of worlds.
It was kind of interesting,
that explosion.
My degree's in
nuclear chemistry,
and I did my postgraduate
work at Oak Ridge.
So I've held sand from
Trinity in my hands.
>>NOORY: Oh, gosh.
Wash your hands, right?
>>AGNEW: I'm just
telling you that they
had a pool, like we have a
football pool or a soccer pool.
They wanted to decide how many
kilotons the bomb would be.
And it was funny because the--
I forget which scientist
it was arrived last,
all the probable
ones had been taken,
so the only one left was,
I think, five kilotons.
So he had to pick five kilitons.
And it turned out to be
almost eight kilotons,
way more than anyone
predicted that it would be.
They didn't know
that they would not
light the entire
atmosphere on fire when
they blew the bomb up.
>>NOORY: There seems to be a
message in your work of hope,
more so than most
people, who tend to leave
you feeling empty-handed.
but you have hope.
How come?
>>AGNEW: I realized after
we'd done all this work
and created all the books,
especially The Ark of Millions
of Years, you reach this
point of doom and gloom,
where, gosh, we're all
going to Armageddon.
>>NOORY: It's horrible.
We're going to die.
>>AGNEW: Yeah, what's
the point, you know?
Just give up.
But I realized in the founding
fathers, a message of hope,
because up until that
time, for about 5,000 years
of recorded history,
the world was ruled
by basically one man at a time.
One king, with his wooden ships
and his army ruled the world.
And if you were born a
baker, you were a baker.
That was it.
There was no aspiring to be
a movie writer or a prince.
>>NOORY: A cobbler, you
became a cobbler, whatever.
>>AGNEW: That was it.
But these founding
fathers learned
to read the way
everyone else does.
They read the Bible, and
they saw the future laid out
before them.
And they said, let's
choose another future.
Let's form a nation
where people actually
get their rights
from God, and where
they can be anything they
want to be and do anything
they want to do to pursue
their own happiness.
It had never been
tried before, ever.
And it turned out to be, of
course, wildly successful.
Now, there's no mention
of America in the Bible.
Oh, you could twist the
Old Testament anyway
you want, but there's no
America in the Scriptures.
It's because they
chose another future.
It created a new timeline.
Now, the forces that controlled
the world up to that time,
they've been trying
to get control back.
And they've come very
close a couple of times,
I've got to tell you, George,
very close to getting it back.
But I think--
>>NOORY: That's not good.
>>AGNEW: --that it proved
to us, we, as a human race,
can choose a new future.
We don't have to march
inexorably to Armageddon.
We can choose to
survive all that.
We can choose to exist
for millions of years
and explore the galaxy and be
the race we were born to be.
>>NOORY: But can we
survive if humanity fails
and if technology fails?
David Adair, of
course, the Rocket Man,
has been a staunch believer
in protecting our power
grid from either an EMP attack
or a solar flare from the sun.
And they estimate, David, that
some 90% of just Americans
could be dead within a year
if the power grid goes down.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: That's frightening.
>>ADAIR: I can give
you a day one scenario.
One day is enough to
scare you to death.
Just in the first 30
seconds, let's say
you're walking down a
crowded street with people,
and you're pushing
a baby stroller.
You've got your baby
out for a nice day.
And you see a flash, and
this could be just an EMP.
What will happen is all
the transformers explode.
Everybody is covered
in napalm, burning.
You're on fire.
Your baby's on fire.
Everybody is on fire,
running through the streets,
screaming and hollering,
don't know what's happened.
You call for help.
No cell phones.
No satellites.
No satellite phones.
No landlines.
No communication of any kind.
>>NOORY: No ATMs, no
gasoline pumps, nothing.
That's a dire situation,
Brooks, and it's possible.
>>AGNEW: When the
grid was formed,
it created some
vulnerabilities we
didn't have before because we
used to have isolated systems.
The grid means that we
can move energy from, say,
Tampa, Florida or New
York to Oklahoma if we
want to using the power lines.
But the grid created
three vulnerabilities
and the National Electrical
Reliability Corporation
realized this, and they
wrote a report on it.
Those vulnerabilities
are obviously, physical
or cyber attack, a
natural disaster,
such as a flood
or a solar flare.
>>NOORY: Or an
asteroid hit, could be.
>>AGNEW: And the
third is a pandemic.
Like, everybody in
Florida gets the flu.
Who's going to run the
nuclear power plants?
Well, they set up a system to
try to compensate for all that.
And I was at that meeting.
And I said, you
realize that you're
creating a dependent world.
That if an EMP occurs, and
let's say the grid in the United
States goes out.
It may go out for a week.
It may go out for
two, three years
until we get some of these
big transformers rebuilt.
>>NOORY: And by that time, the
read statistics were horrible.
>>AGNEW: Right.
But there are solutions.
There are low-voltage
local solutions
that can be employed
pretty quickly
to get systems like hospitals
or traffic systems and radios
back up.
And there are ways to protect
if we know that it's coming.
Like a solar flare, we've
got three days warning.
We could disconnect
those transformers
and protect them,
weather the flare,
and then fire everything
back up again.
But if it's sudden, like
this EMP he's talking about,
which would occur 50 to 100
miles above the planet--
>>NOORY: Detonated by a
rogue government, probably.
>>AGNEW: Right.
That pulse puts millions
of volts into the air,
and the antenna is
the power lines.
It's picked up and conducted
to those transformers.
That's going to occur
within one second.
There is a way to
protect all that,
but it would take years
to implement that.
>>NOORY: And we're not even
starting yet to protect it.
That's the problem.
>>AGNEW: Some specific high-risk
areas have been hardened,
but these substations
are everywhere.
There's a substation
10 miles from here.
>>NOORY: Why aren't
companies like Amazon,
that live and die
because of electronics--
because if the internet goes
down, they're out of business.
Why don't they get together
with power companies
and say, look, the estimate
is a couple billion dollars
to insulate the grid.
Let's do it.
I mean, Jeff Bezos
could write a check.
He's got $150
billion in the bank.
>>AGNEW: This is a
legitimate question,
and it really should
be put by the people
to organizations that
are capable of doing it.
It is overdue.
There's no reason for society
to be at risk like this.
Earth has over seven billion
people living on it right now,
but it takes power to
support seven billion people
on this planet.
If the power goes away,
even for one year,
we could see 20% of
that society disappear.
>>NOORY: Or more.
>>AGNEW: Or more.
Because no refrigeration.
The old or people that rely on--
>>NOORY: You can't pump water.
Your water pumps won't work.
>>AGNEW: And people that rely
on prescriptions for survival,
like blood pressure
medicine or diabetes.
>>NOORY: They're gone.
>>AGNEW: They're gone.
So it would put a tremendous
stress on the world.
>>NOORY: Though
you're always hopeful,
there are a lot of
people out there
who claim of the apocalypse.
That we're in it.
It's going to happen.
What does Brooks Agnew think?
>>AGNEW: Well, I think the
consciousness of mankind
is much higher than that.
I think programs like Gaia TV
and others, "Coast to Coast,"
others, are there
to enlighten people,
there to give people the tools
that they need to put out
that kind of consciousness.
As a race, we, as I said, have
this symbiotic relationship
with the planet itself.
We can overcome this.
We can supersede this.
There is a way for this evil
to be virtually eliminated
from the planet by
this positive energy.
>>NOORY: Absolutely,
and let's hope we do it.
>>AGNEW: Without violence
and without conflict.
>>NOORY: Brooks, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>AGNEW: It's been
my pleasure, George.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Brooks Agnew,
for his entire career,
has tried to help society,
and it's evident just
with this program
he's done it again.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]